# 2024-ISP-CollegeApps-Helper

# Vision Statement

The goal for this project is to design a website that can provide easily accessible college application materials and provide useful information for the college process. To layout the basic framework for the project, the project i structured around one website that will host all functions are project will have to offer, which includes: application deadlines, resources, a calendar system, and application integration. The project will be split into three different phases. Phase one of the process will include the research portion of the project where we familiarize ourselves with the struggles people have with the application process and how to obtain college resource material. This phase also includes creating the basic framework an styling for the website. For the second phase of the project the focus will be on the application aspect of the project where all features relating to the topic will be worked on. Finally, the third phases aims to add the calendar system and polish the rest of the features of the website. Each new component will be integrated along the way to avoid any problems from occurring. The motivation behind this project was we wanted to work on a project with a relevant issue in mind that hasn't been tackled before by our previous projects. This led us to the idea of creating a more efficient and less confusing college application website. The goals for this project is to provide users will a clear and easy experience to get rid of the confusing element that common applications like these cause. The key is to be user friendly and to be something that can be easily built off of. The expectations of our team is for us to create a project that is well managed and aligned with our original vison for this project. As for the scope of the project we hope to stay in line with the features described in the phases mentioned previously. Our plan going forward is to formulate a master rigid schedule that will keep this project in line and provide the most optimal pacing for our group members.  

# Roles 

* Product Manager | Connor Church | RusticKnite | https://codermerlin.academy/users/connor-church/Digital%20Portfolio/index.html 

* Project Manager | Joshua Lee | joshuawlee | https://codermerlin.academy/users/joshua-lee/Digital%20Portfolio/index.html
